.TH "YAIM - Yet Another Installation Manager" 1
.SH NAME
yaim \- YAIM (YAIM Aint an Installation Manager) is, as the name suggests, a way of configuring Grid Services. 
The aim of YAIM is to provide a simple installation and configuration method that can be used to set up a simple Grid Site 
but can be easily adapted and extended to meet the need of larger sites. The yaim-myproxy module is configuring the MyProxy server.

.SH DESCRIPTION
The yaim-myproxy module allows you to configure the MyProxy server.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
This is the list of variables needed to set up in order to configure the MyProxy server.
.TP
For more details, please check:
.TP 
.B  https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/PX_configuration_variables
.TP
.B Mandatory Variables: 
Site admins must ensure these variables are properly defined according to the features of the site
.TP
site-info.def variables: These variables are defined in /opt/glite/yaim/examples/site-info.def. 
.TP
INSTALL_ROOT : Installation root - change if using the re-locatable distribution. 
.TP
SITE_NAME : The GIIS of the site where the MyProxy server belongs to. 
.TP
GLOBUS_TCP_PORT_RANGE: Port range for Globus IO. It should be specified as "num1,num2". YAIM automatically handles the syntax of this variable depending on the version of VDT. If it's VDT 1.6 it leaves "num1,num2". If it's a version < VDT 1.6 it changes to "num1 num2". 
.TP
.TP
node specific variables: These variables are defined in /opt/glite/yaim/examples/services/glite-px.
.TP
GRID_TRUSTED_BROKERS : List of the DNs of the Resource Brokers host certificates which are trusted by the Proxy node. (ex: /O=Grid/O=CERN/OU=cern.ch/CN=host/testbed013.cern.ch). Now deprecated, use GRID_DEFAULT_RENEWERS instead.
.TP
GRID_AUTHORIZED_RENEWERS : List of authorized_renewrs.       
.TP
GRID_DEFAULT_RENEWERS : List of default_renewers
.TP
GRID_AUTHORIZED_RETRIEVERS : List of authorized_retrievers.
.TP
GRID_DEFAULT_RETRIEVERS : List of default_retrievers.
.TP
GRID_AUTHORIZED_KEY_RETRIEVERS : List of authorized_key_retrievers.
.TP
GRID_DEFAULT_KEY_RETRIEVERS  : List default_key_retrievers.
.TP
GRID_TRUSTED_RETRIEVERS : List of trusted_retrievers.
.TP
GRID_DEFAULT_TRUSTED_RETRIEVERS List of default_trusted_retrievers.
.TP

.SH EXAMPLES
How to configure the Myproxy node.
.TP
.B ./yaim -c -s /root/site-info.def -n glite-PX
.TP
To debug the configuration process:
.TP
.B ./yaim -c -s /root/site-info.def -n glite-PX -d 6 

.SH DOCUMENTATION
You can find useful information on these web pages:
.TP
Entry point for YAIM documentation:
.TP
.B  https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/EGEE/YAIM
.TP
The Generic Installation and Configuration guides as well as the YAIM guides:
.TP
.B https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/LcgDocs
.TP
Useful links:
.TP
.B  http://lcg.web.cern.ch/LCG/Sites/the-LCG-directory.html

.SH AUTHORS
YAIM is a collaborative project where different modules are developed and maintened by different 
groups. Here are some of the present contributors:
.TP
.B Maria Allandes Pradillo, Gergely Debreczeni, Laurence Field, \
Di Qing, Andreas Unterkircher, Oliver Keeble, Steve Traylen, Owen Synge, Gavin Mccance , Maarten Litmaath, \
and we are happy to receive patches from everybody !

.SH CONTACT
To contact YAIM people use the 
.B yaim-contact@cern.ch 
email address. 

